feat(gradle-wrapper): add support for multiple version occurrences in distributionUrl (#11454)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/java.md

- Android projects that require extra configuration to run (e.g. setting the Android SDK)
- Gradle versions prior to version 5.0.

## Gradle Wrapper

Renovate can update the [Gradle Wrapper](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/gradle_wrapper.html) of a project.

> This includes the source declaration inside the `gradle/wrapper/gradle-wrapper.properties`
> as well as accompanied files such as `gradlew`, `gradlew.bat`, and `gradle/wrapper/gradle-wrapper.jar`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This includes the source declaration inside the `gradle/wrapper/gradle-wrapper.properties` as well as accompanied files such as `gradlew`, `gradlew.bat`, and `gradle/wrapper/gradle-wrapper.jar`.
```

We use the "one sentence per line" pattern here. This makes it easier to move lines around later on, or edit them, and have a easier Git diff.

### How It Works

Renovate extracts the Gradle Wrapper version used from the `distributionUrl` inside the `gradle-wrapper.properties`.
Once the version is determined, Renovate will look for newer versions from the `gradle-version` datasource.

> Renovate will then invoke the Gradle Wrapper to update itself,
> [as recommended by Gradle](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/gradle_wrapper.html#sec:upgrading_wrapper).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renovate will then invoke the Gradle Wrapper to update itself, [as recommended by Gradle](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/gradle_wrapper.html#sec:upgrading_wrapper).
```

> For the extraction to work, the `distributionUrl` must point to
> a file of type .zip,
> which includes the version in its name, and
> defines one of the official distribution types (bin, all).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the extraction to work, the `distributionUrl` must point to a file of type `.zip`, which includes the version in its name, and defines one of the official distribution types (bin, all).
```

Use one sentence per line.
Use monospaced styling for the `.zip` file extension.

### Support for mirrors and custom distributions

> As Renovate takes the `distributionUrl` defined inside the `gradle-wrapper.properties` as basis for its update,
> source declarations other than to the official Gradle Wrapper are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As Renovate takes the `distributionUrl` defined inside the `gradle-wrapper.properties` as basis for its update, source declarations other than to the official Gradle Wrapper are supported.
```

> This can be used for hosting the official distributions with a proxy server, an offline mirror
> or even providing a custom distribution of the Gradle Wrapper,
> e.g. to provide a company-wide base configuration for all Gradle projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be used for hosting the official distributions with a proxy server, an offline mirror or even providing a custom distribution of the Gradle Wrapper, e.g. to provide a company-wide base configuration for all Gradle projects.
```

However, the `gradle-version` datasource is used to determine available versions.

> In case the available versions at the defined source differ
> from those available from Gradle
> or the [default datasource](https://services.gradle.org/versions/all) cannot be reached, e.g. due to network restrictions,
> the datasource may be reconfigured via a `packageRule`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case the available versions at the defined source differ from those available from Gradle or the [default datasource](https://services.gradle.org/versions/all) cannot be reached, e.g. due to network restrictions, the datasource may be reconfigured via a `packageRule`:
```

Use one sentence per line.
Add a `:` at the end of the sentence, as we want people to read the package rule example.

Renovate will search repositories for all `pom.xml` files and processes them independently.

> ## Custom registry support, and authentication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Custom registry support, and authentication
```

I think this section is not `Maven File Support` specific, and so should be it's own `h3` section, instead of being in the `Maven File Support` category.

Author: I might be wrong here, but the change you suggest seems to achieve the `Custom registry support, and authentication` being a part of `Maven`.
Thus, achieving the opposite of what you've written.

To me, the part is neither specific to the managers `gradle` nor `maven` as it applies to the datasource `maven` instead, which is used by both managers. Might be in the wrong here though.

Reviewer: > I might be wrong here, but the change you suggest seems to achieve the `Custom registry support, and authentication` being a part of `Maven`.
> Thus, achieving the opposite of what you've written.

You're right! I got things mixed up... 🙈 

Ignore my previous suggestion! 😉

Author: Alright. I'll mark this as resolved than. Thanks for the quick review & response. 👍🏻🙂

Reviewer 2: If this belongs to maven datasource, then we should move it there in a seperate docs PR.

  ],
};
```

> One can also overwrite the repositories to use for version lookup through configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can overwrite the repositories to use for version lookup through configuration.
```

Simplify, and use `you` instead of the more generic `one can`
